[Music]
even though it never really enjoyed
success outside of Japan white night
Chronicles Origins Mark the first
portable entry in the series that lends
much of its inspiration from capcom's
Monster Hunter you start out by creating
a character and swiftly joining a band
of mercenary that take on a series of
jobs from taping down monsters to
collecting specific items or charting
out all of the areas available on any of
the multiple maps from Lush fields to
the deserted towns and mysterious caves
there's a lot of variety when it comes
to exploring the world with each of the
quests being able to be taken on from a
hub area that serves as your base of
operation here you can buy new armor
craft new weapons and interact with a
range of different NPCs to help flesh
out the story and on the gameplay front
much like monster Hunter there's plenty
of Challenge and this is where the
realtime combat takes enter stage you
get to assign up the five different
abilities to three separate sections of
the command bar that can be navigated by
using the d-pad and there plenty of
depth to achieve the Ideal Balance
standard attacks healing and large
specials for example can be prioritized
on the first pallet while support and
restoring spells are found on the second
and spells that cause damage may be used
on the last this setup allows the player
to seamlessly switch between different
strategies on the flight and by far
makes the combat one of the most
engaging aspects of the experience even
though Origins never reaches the same
Heights of its clear inspiration and its
Simplicity will likely turn away some of
the more hardcore RPG fans out there it
has a truly enjoyable pickup and play
feel to it that makes it perfect for
someone looking to dip their toes into
the world of hunting on the
go Blazing Souls exceler is a somewhat
modified version of the PlayStation 2
game that never found its way way
outside of Japan it's a te-based srpg
that throws you into the shoes of Zeos
and after a huge 7-year war that rocked
the kingdom peace has nearly returned
with only small pockets of monsters and
resistance left throughout the land
however this is shortlived and it soon
becomes apparent that a new threat in
the form of superhumans sent from the
gods to become the rulers of the planet
is what will really test the inhabitants
of the world to be fair the story is
perhaps the game's weakest aspect but
when it comes to game play for fans of
SRP the dep year is incredibly
satisfying the ability to mix and match
skills create powerful Combos and
experiment with different strategies
provides a rewarding experience that
will keep you glued to your PSP for
hours on end the game also encourages
exploring with hidden dungeons rare
items and secret characters waiting to
be discovered by those who are thorough
and for those that do many of the game's
more devastating skills await you
allowing you to take on the range of
different enemies you'll encounter with
ease one last aspect effect of the
battles is the capture move that you can
learn this ability allows you to capture
pretty much any monster that you come
across in battles which can then be
summoned to fight alongside your party
of course this adds even more things to
consider when jumping into each fight
and it's here where many players will
likely have issues with the game there
is just a lot of stuff going on and if
you're not willing to take the time to
get to grips with each of them it's easy
to find yourself getting lost when it
comes down to where Blazing Souls Excel
it won't be for everyone but for those
that it clicks with it'll likely become
one of your favorite srgs on the
system Throne of adony is a Dungeon
Crawler that starts out like any other
game of its kind and allows you to
choose a character from one of several
different classes each with their own
skill sets from the physically powerful
to the athletic as well as the magic
user which allows you to approach the
game in a way that suits your style of
play best while it's only a small amount
of options as you progress throughout
the game you do get to change your class
at least two different times which
allows your character to learn new
skills in addition to the 15 you unlock
from your base class on top of this as
you level up you'll be earning attribute
points which can be spent on one of many
different options such as your strength
stamina and Agility that all result in a
noticeable difference out on the field
this is where combat comes into play and
is by far thr of ion's most engaging
aspect the controls are quite simple
with many of your abilities being mapped
to the face buttons but by holding down
the right shoulder button you can access
more attacks mainly your special skills
and because of this setup the combat has
got a fluid and ferocious style to it
that just never lets up naturally
there's an array of enemies and bosses
with varying levels of difficulty in
every part of the world and you can
explore each of the game's main parts at
your own pace and complete the dungeons
in any order this Freedom helps the game
Excel and doesn't just funnel you into a
predetermined path if you're looking for
a competent Dungeon Crawler that's easy
to get into on the PSP than thr of iony
is far from the worst Choice out
there hex's force is no doubt one of the
most overlooked RPGs on the PSP and
introduces players to the world of birge
that's divided into both a light and
dark side that gives you two separate
campaigns to make your way through
you've got Cecilia and Leon that offer
up unique perspectives of the world and
of course a nice amount of replay value
is both a completely different from one
another despite the somewhat predictable
aim of both stories I see a battle
between creation and destruction in a
will torn apart the game manages to pack
some truly interesting twists and great
writing that help fles out the events as
well as several of the characters you'll
be meeting along the way when it comes
to gameplay hexi Force offers a good old
turn-based setup but what makes it a bit
different is that there's no traditional
leveling in the game and instead your
progression is tie to your weapons that
can be upgraded through the use of force
points that are rewarded at the end of
each battle there's no shops in the game
either so everything from items to armor
and accessories must all be gained from
Fallen enemies or crafted for the use of
your Force points which at first may
seem like a bit of a stupid idea but as
the game unfolds you'll realize that you
won't need much anyway and can instead
focus on building a specific set of
weapons and equipment right up to the
game's end now a single campaign can be
completed in about 20 to 25 hours and as
I mentioned earlier there's plenty of
motivation to play through the second
campaign because the two protagonists
live in different nations and have
distinct goals to complete so if you
never got around to it when it first
released there's never been a better
time than now to give it a go for
yourself blade dancer was one of the
first RPGs to hit the PSP and focuses on
Lance a young man who finds himself
landing on the shores of a distant land
and vowing to pledge his services to the
very first person who requires his Aid
on his journey you'll come into contact
with friends and foes alike as your
mysterious Powers slowly Bloom and
reveal your place in an ancient prophecy
for anyone familiar with RPGs the story
will feel instantly familiar and deploy
several of the tropes you'll be
accustomed to but it's still provides an
engaging story that gets the job done
gam playay is also pretty standard but
introduces enough of its own ideas that
blade dancer can stand on its own as you
explore the vast Kingdom you'll notice
that each enemy is represented on screen
by a floating skull and you're free to
dodge any encounter as you wish that
negates the usual endless amount of
fights you'll find in similar Adventures
once you do get into battle though this
is where blade dancer shines and it's a
mix of turn-based and realtime elements
that all revolve around something known
as Luna points with a bar in the top
left that starts out empty at the
beginning of each fight as you land
melee hits on the enemy it slowly fills
up and allows you to perform one of
several different types of magic or
attacks that cost a certain amount of
these points to perform what makes it
interesting is that the enemies also
draw from this pool of points and by
putting an end to their attacks you can
protect yourself from on them and
maintain a high lunar meter which allows
your own party to use the points for
themselves it's a really great combat
system and although blade dancer isn't
exactly the most impressive RPG you'll
find on the PSB it's still a great
little Adventure that you can now pick
up on the PS4 or five should you wish to
give it a
go generation of chaos is an srpg that
follows the story of Gina and her
Crusade along with her faction against
the dark Empire bent on the resurrect
ction of a dark dragon the entire game
is split up into a series of chapters
that are all centered around massive
board Life Game maps that the player
gets to move their units around take
part in battle and Carry Out various
amounts of micromanagement to strengthen
and expand their army instead of sending
in one to five units in a preset battle
based on a rock paper scissors strategy
generation of chaos seiz you with up to
30 units against the enemy that rush
into battle in a realtime sequence and
allows your own skill to dictate the
outcome of each battle battle much like
its name implies it can be utter and
total chaos of points and looks
incredible as it all plays out on the
small screen naturally there's a lot of
strategy that will dictate the outcome
of each clash and this is where
formations come into Focus there's a
surprisingly good amount to choose from
but the most effective that I found
myself using throughout my play time was
either kamakazi or aggressive which play
out exactly as you would expect it's not
all just about going all L though is
some fights will see you on the
defensive we're taking on enemies from a
distance preserving the life of your
leader or Paramount this variety is what
really helps generation of chaos succeed
and with the amount of techniques you
can perform many of which are drip fed
to you throughout the campaign you're
always in a position to gain the upper
hand but for each one you use a certain
amount of SP will be consumed so
remembering to manage that value
effectively is the key to surviving
overall it might be a bit overwhelming
at first but after some time generation
of chaos will no doubt become one of
your favorite RPGs on the PSP
the legend of hero series began way back
in the late ' 80s and has always been
one of my go- when people ask me about a
continuing RPG franchise to get into
tier of a million is the fourth entury
and was originally released on the ncpc
and would later be fully remade for the
PSP which follows the adventure of Ain
his young man separated from his sister
many years ago in the crest of
circumstances you set off to search for
her and explore the world which
naturally sees you getting drawn into a
much bigger plot that'll see you making
friends as well as a few enemies on the
way this is by far the game's most
endearing aspect as all its characters
are extremely well written and really
add to the overall feel of the world
that the game presents but having a
great presentation in story is only half
of the battle as the game play needs to
be just as enjoyable to keep you
marching forward and thankfully tier of
a million does exactly that this can
solely be attributed to the game's
battle system which seiz your party
consist of up to four different
characters at any one time each of them
have a movement and attack range which
really piles on the strategy and forces
the player to take advantage of each
character's specific traits from normal
attacks to Magic special skills and the
use of items there's plenty of ways to
tackle each encounter and upon each
enemy's defeat you'll receive experience
points which contribute to new skills as
well as your level that affects your
Effectiveness as a team that being said
the game is quite easy and apart from
the last boss you'll find yourself
getting very few game overs especially
if you're an experienced RPG fan
although the translation is a bit wonky
and the systems that comprise the game
are quite simple it's still one hell of
an adventure that's definitely worth
undertaken Mr Chronicles is an old
school RPG in every sense of the word
and if you're like me and a fond of the
16-bit hero then this game will be right
up your street the story follows Lux a
young man who wishes to become a part of
a guild to protect his village however
during his first set of missions his
childhood friend disappears and it isn't
long until he becomes wrapped up in a
struggle against a creeping darkness
that puts the fate of the entire world
in the balance in all honesty the story
does the game no favors is it's
painfully generic but it does at least
facilitate one Mr Chronicles gets right
and that's the game playay the battles
are very reminiscent of Dragon Quest and
take place from a firsters perspective
with your character statistics and
portraits laid out across the bottom of
the screen you've got your standard
actions including attack defend or using
magic and items with each party member
having their own abilities to call upon
as well from damage sponges to healers
and absolute brutes they've all got
their own specific uses but what helps
mix it up is the ability to pull off
team moves that provide a means to lay
out some heavy amounts of damage another
aspect of the battles revolve around
something known as guardian beasts that
can be set up for each character to
assist you in each fight unfortunately
there's no Direct Control given to the
player but they can be up to follow
specific strategies that can flip the
tables during some of the more
challenging moments with its solid
battle system lovable characters and
retro as effect Mr Chronicles is
definitely worth checking up just don't
expect the same depth that you'll find
in other RPGs on the
PSP student Alliance is essentially a
part of a PS2 game and although it's
clearly an inferior version thanks to
some rather long low times and blurry
visuals it's still a compelling RPG
that's sees you playing as vain a young
boy who lives in a small village and
enrolls in a school of alchemy it's not
long until the story opens up into a far
grander adventure for ve and his
companions to undertake and while it
won't be winning any awards for
originality it's still pretty solid it's
all laid out in chapters that each
follow a simple routine that sees you
taking part in lessons exploring the
world in your own free time and events
that throw you into the heat of battle
as you venture out into the world
there's a few different things you'll
encounter aath from enemies and this is
mainly materials which can be used to
create new items and weapons that can
help you hold your own when it comes to
facing down one of the many different
types of threats that await you now the
battle system itself isn't anything
groundbreaking and sees all of your
characters being represented by cards at
the top of the screen which dictate the
turn order of each fight where the game
truly comes into its unload is crafting
and through something known as the
growth book as traditional leveling up
ISM present and instead you must
constantly improve the equipment that
you use such as weapons and armor that
can be customized with plenty of
different effects although some of the
technical aspects let it down student
Alliance is still a pretty enjoyable RPG
that any fan of the genre can easily
jump into and
enjoy Brave story new traveler is
basically a Side Story to the popular
manga of the same name and sees many of
its characters making an appearance that
fans of the series will know in love the
adventure revolves around a boy known as
tatsuya who finds himself drawn into a
mysterious Dimension where he aims to
seek out the Tower of a goddess who said
to be able to gr wishes with the life of
one of his friends hanging in the
balance he prepares to make the journey
and this is where the game kicks off it
sees you exploring this land that as you
would expect is occupied by several
monsters that will stop at nothing to
halt your plans the game play relies on
the tried and tested turn-based formula
and seize each battle giving you up to
three different characters to manage at
any one time of course each of them have
their own specific attacks and qualities
that make utilizing all of them
effectively your main means of surviving
throughout the adventure as each
character fight battles they form bonds
between each other which will allow them
to cast Unity attacks these are highly
powerful skills that are all beholden to
the amount of BP or Brave points you
possess which slowly regenerate over the
course of each encounter with each fight
soon becoming a juggling act between
maintaining your points and dealing out
enough damage now one of the first
things you'll notice about the game or
its visuals which are easily some of the
best the PSP has to offer from each
character to every town and dungeon
you'll run into there's a serious amount
of detail they possess and that's not
even mentioned in the battles which
provide plenty of effects as you carry
out attacks that bring life to even the
most simple of encounters for those of
you that love te based RPGs Brave story
new traveler is without a doubt one of
the best Adventures you'll find on the
PSP well that do it for another video
don't forget to subscribe and hit that
Bell to get notified about new videos
you can follow me on all of the the
socials which are linked below to stay
up to date and also join my growing
community on Discord to meet many
like-minded gamers to continue the
conversation with and to take part in
giveaways I'd like to give a special
shout out to my patreon supporters Rhino
skill Jim shudan Richard Daniel Dio Omar
Strider Pier K awesome jacket dude
Maximus Scott Alfred Terry Ryan Alex
GameCube Galaxy K Salman fake and Patty
J for their continued support that helps
make these vide possible if you're
interested in joining my Discord or
supporting the channel through patreon
you'll find all of these links down
below as always thanks for taking the
time to check the video out I'll catch
you next time
[Music]